# teamGenerator
This is a template generator for information about employees of differing responsibilities and rank. When I installed express, it had a small interference with the gitignore I think, not sure what that was about or whether it will break my homework.
Not sure what to do to make input from a user enter through javascript into an html file; however, html files should be working with http://localhost:3000.

Started to get stuck with an error in code that I was referencing because it was working before.

I have no idea how to do the test. Way too much information this week!!!!! Cramming this much information in a week while wasting half of class on activities the students are not prepared for and telling students to learn how to use google to make sense of it is not a valid teaching method. After this assignment, and I hope someone grading this is reading, I will be drafting a letter to UCI. I am tired of feeling uprepared for homework assignments and I am tired of feeling confused. I already know it will take me months after this course ends to sort out all the information since it was not taught, and was instead simply demonstrated at light speed. This assignment is the limit for me, especially since I think it is unlikely anyone will read this. Instead, I think I will be given an incomplete on this assignment that I tried to complete and I will have to talk to someone about getting it changed to a fail so I do not literally lose the monetary value of the course by incompletes invalidating my investment as well as my work. My tutor teaches me more in 50 minutes than the course teaches me in a 4 hour class. Too bad there are also stupid ass rules prohibiting him from advising me specifically on these over the top difficult assignments. 